It's great. I love being a psychologist, although I do think when most
people ask me that question, the what they're thinking about is that
I am a clinical psychologist. So, like I'm a therapist or a counselor,
and I am not that at all. Um, I am a research psychologist, and
specifically I am a neuroscientist. So I study the brain and how it
works on how it influences certain behaviors. But and I love my field.
I love learning more about how the brain works and how it does all
the amazing things that it does. Um, but I am definitely not a therapist.
I they it's probably not a good idea to leave me alone with
the people for too long. I'm not good with, um S O. I much prefer the
research world.